Updated screenshot and steps to match new workflow. (#381)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/servers-create.adoc

* Your enterprise license is current. 
* You are running Mule 3.6.0 or later, and API gateway 2.1 or later.
+
For Mule 3.6.x, install the Runtime Manager agent.
+

> For information, see xref:installing-and-configuring-runtime-manager-agent.adoc[Install or Update the Runtime Manager Agent].

Reviewer: Does your audience REALLY need this xref? 
We want to start putting nice-to-haves in a ==See Also topic and only need-to-haves in the running narrative, to avoid sending readers off somewhere else.
Also, if we do send them off, we're to tell them EXACTLY why, and not just "for more information."

Author: Leaving as it is a prereq.

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Runtime Manager*.
. Click *Servers* in the left menu.
. Click the *Add Server* button.
. Enter a name for your server.
+

> Server names can contain up to 60 alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9), periods (.), hyphens (-), and underscores (_), but not spaces or other special characters.
> Runtime Manager supports Unicode characters in server names.

Reviewer: is this true:
```suggestion
Server names can contain up to 60 Unicode or alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9), periods (.), hyphens (-), and underscores (_), but not spaces or other special characters.
```

Reviewer: How do we work around that ^ transforming into italic because of the underscore?

Author: This didn't change - it just moved - and it currently does not. See https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/servers-create#add-a-server

+

> The server name is unique across environments.
> If the same organization exists in different environments, the server name can be the same in those organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the server name must be unique across environments, it can be the same if one organization exists in different environments.
```

+
Runtime Manager generates the `amc_setup` command, including the `_registration token_` and the server name you specified, for you to use to register Mule in your environment:
+
.The arrow shows the `amc_setup` command in the *Add Server* window.

> image::rtm-add-server.png[amc_setup command in the Add Server window]

Reviewer: Did you do this to make the UI label unique in the sentence?

+
The registration token includes your organization's ID and the current environment.
. Click *Copy command* to copy the `amc_setup` command.
+

> This button only appears if the server name you specify is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This button appears only if the server name you specify is valid.
```

Credentials extracted correctly, updating wrapper conf file
----

> After the script completes successfully, your server appears on the *Servers* tab of Runtime Manager with a status of Created.

Reviewer: Moot point:
```suggestion
After the script completes successfully, the name of your server appears on the *Servers* tab of Runtime Manager with a status of `Created`.
```
